Docs: Add agentic review and plugins pages (#35280)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/ai/agentic-review.mdx

---
title: Agentic review
hideRendererSelector: true
sidebar:
  hidden: true
  order: 2
---

<Callout variant="info" icon="🧪">

Agentic review is currently [experimental](../releases/features.mdx#experimental). The experience may change in future releases. We welcome feedback and contributions to help improve this feature.

</Callout>

Storybook's agentic review provides a quick look at the UI work an AI agent has done. To do this, Storybook equips agents with the tools it needs to choose the most relevant stories to show and provide a summary of the work.

You can then review the agent's work in a browser or an Agentic Development Environment (ADE) preview, where you can inspect the components and their code.

[TK - image - Review summary page or something else?]
![Review summary page, showing a text summary of the work and curated collections of stories](../_assets/ai/agentic-review-summary.png)

> ## Requirements

Reviewer: Storybook 10.5 is also a requirement

- [`experimentalReview` feature flag](../api/main-config/main-config-features.mdx#experimentalreview) enabled in your Storybook configuration.
  - This is automatically enabled if you are using a Storybook [ADE plugin](./plugins.mdx).

> - [MCP server](./mcp/overview.mdx) running (directly or via an [ADE plugin](./plugins.mdx)) and accessible to the agent.

Reviewer: For the plugin there should be no MCP server configured.

@shilman Maybe we should prioritize extra instructions to the plugin to remove the mcp server automatically in next supercycle

Reviewer 2: @kasperpeulen SGTM let's do that!

## Reviewing changes

Open the review summary by either clicking the link provided by the agent, requesting a review from your agent in a prompt, or clicking the review widget that appears in the Storybook sidebar when a review is available.

[TK - image - Review widget in sidebar]
![Review widget in the Storybook sidebar summarizing the availability of a review](../_assets/ai/agentic-review-widget.png)

Note: If you are also using [change detection](../configure/user-interface/change-detection.mdx), the review widget will take precedence. You can still use the change detection filters to view new and modified stories, but the review widget will always be visible when a review is available.

[TK - image - Review summary page]
![Review summary page, showing a text summary of the work and curated collections of stories](../_assets/ai/agentic-review-summary.png)

> Everything on this page is generated or curated by the agent, to help you understand and review the work it has done. Stories are grouped into collections of related work, with a helpful title and summary. It's important to note that this is _not_ a comprehensive list of all affected stories, but rather a curated selection of the most relevant ones.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Everything on this page is generated or curated by the agent, to help you understand and review the work it has done. Stories are grouped into collections of related work, with a helpful title and summary. This is _not_ a comprehensive list of all affected stories, but rather a curated selection of the most relevant ones.
```

> To look at a story in more detail, click its thumbnail to open the full story. You can inspect the component and its code, and even run tests if your Storybook is configured to do so.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To see a story in more detail, click its thumbnail. You can inspect the component and its code, and even run tests if your Storybook is configured to do so.
```

Reviewer 2: Note you can't see the component's code, just the story code, and only if `addon-docs` is configured to show it. So this is slightly misleading.
